docs: update documentation to profile unity on desktop and webgl (#4527)
decentraland/unity-renderer: docs/how-to-profile-a-local-unity-build-remotely.md

# Profiling a WebGL Build

1. Create a folder named `Builds` in the root

> 1. Open the build settings and toggle on `Development Build`, `Autoconnect Profiler` and **make sure Deep Profiling is toggled off**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the build settings and **toggle on** `Development Build` and `Autoconnect Profiler`.
2. Make sure that `Deep Profiling` is **toggled off**, as **WebGL Builds do NOT support Deep Profiling**
```

3. Build inside the `Builds` folder, and the build name must be named `unity`. The final folder should be `(root)/Builds/unity/`
4. Go to `cd browser-interface` with the console and then `npm install` and `make watch` to execute the browser interface locally. You need to check on the logs if it is copying the Unity build files.
5. Open http://localhost:8080/ and after starting the explorer your Profiler window at Unity Editor should start receiving and displaying the data (you can open on the Unity Editor at `window -> analysis -> profiler`)

# Profiling a Desktop Build

> 1. Build the project for your target platform with the following build settings checked: `Development Build`, `Autoconnect Profiler` and `Deep Profiling` (this last, if you want deep profiling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Build the project for your target platform with the following build settings checked: `Development Build`, `Autoconnect Profiler`. In contrast with WebGL build restrictions, Desktop builds have no restrictions on Deep Profiling.
```
